You're listening to us.
Oh, I'm sending you a message.
Let him take it down.
Don't you need it?
Just bought a lot.
What do you usually do with female items?
Buy for cigarettes.
Oh.
I'll go to the rest room first.
I'm going to see the basic course with you tomorrow.
Shuyeon was a benefactor of mine as a child.
He took me to my biological parents.
He's the equivalent of a distant cousin of mine.
This mosquito is...
The real beauty.
Laughing at what?
Mother-in-law.
Am I a big kid?
That's great.
My mother-in-law went back to college.
It's not children.
The boy.
No matter how old you are, you are a child.
Granny, do you remember me?
You are my name, the library.
That year was when I saved my lover from Ta's house, when I was a child.
Not working enough.
Not taking into account how you feel
Over the years.
Sorry to bother you.
Is that you?
Little girl, have you had any plastic surgery?
Why not like that year?